feat(queue): allow to never interrupt speculative checks (#3778)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/actions/queue.rst

     - True
     - Allow to update/rebase the original pull request if possible to check its mergeability.
       If ``False``, a draft pull request is always created.
   * - ``allow_speculative_checks_interruption``
     - bool
     - True

>      - Allow to interrupt the ongoing speculative checks when a pull request
>        with higher priority enter in queue.
>        If ``False``, pull request with higher priority will be inserted just after the pull requests that
>        have speculative checks running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Allow interrupting the ongoing speculative checks when a pull request
       with higher priority enters in the queue.
       If ``False``, pull request with higher priority will be inserted just after the pull requests that
       have speculative checks running.
```
